Story Recapped here.
Today, I’m going to show a 2018 drama, mystery,
and sci-fi film called, “Freaks.”
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Seven-year-old Chloe Lewis has lived her entire
life hiding in an abandoned house in the suburbs
with her father, Henry.
She is forbidden to go outside by her father
in fear of the bad men who killed her mother.
Despite the isolation and living on canned
goods, Chloe grows up to be a capable and
independent child.
Every day, Henry drills the escape routine
to her, in case something happens to him while
he’s on a food run.
Henry made a deal with their neighbors, Steven
Reed, that if anything happens to him, the
Reeds will be paid a steady amount of cash
as long as they take care of his daughter.
Chloe memorizes the Reeds’ names and information,
as well as little facts about them, ensuring
that she is just like any other seven-year-old
girl.
As they settle in for the night, Chloe hears
a sound coming from the closet.
She opens it and sees a woman bound in chains
and screams at it to go away.
The numerous drawings of the woman surrounding
her reveal that Chloe’s been seeing this
haunting figure for a while now.
Henry comes into the room and tells her that
she’s just imagined it.
He agrees to accompany her but refuses to
sleep, telling her that too much time passes
outside when he sleeps and he can only protect
her if he’s awake.
The next morning, Chloe wakes up to the sound
of an ice cream truck coming from the street.
She looks out the window and sees the Reeds’
daughter, Harper, buying ice cream.
She whispers in her direction, commanding
her to get her ice cream too, and soon enough,
Harper arrives at their door bringing her
a chocolate ice cream cone.
Chloe opens the door and just as she’s about
to take the food, Henry stops her.
Henry then reprimands Chloe and asks her if
she’s been going outside.
Chloe denies this but he doesn’t believe
her, locking her in the closet as punishment.
The next morning, Henry agrees to buy Chloe
ice cream as an apology, but things don’t
go as planned.
Henry returns much earlier with the groceries
and a wound on the side of his stomach.
He tells her that the plan has changed.
They have to stay in hiding for longer now.
Before he can say anything else, Henry passes
out on the kitchen floor.
A force field erupts from the house and is
sucked back into his body.
It turns out that Henry has been using a time
bubble around their house, slowing the time
down in the outside world while keeping the
normal pace inside their bubble.
Even though Chloe is seven years old, it’s
only been three months since her birth in
the outside world, meaning they’ve been
in the time bubble for seven years.
Using this as a chance to escape, Chloe takes
a one hundred dollar bill and goes outside
the house for the first time in her life.
She goes straight to the ice cream truck and
meets the owner, Alan, also known as Mr. Snowcone.
Alan bribes her with an ice cream cone and
lets her into the truck.
Together they travel to the park, with Chloe
looking out the window and seeing the outside
world for the first time.
She also sees a billboard about people called
the “Abnormals,” whose eyes bleed.
She tells Alan that her father’s eyes bleed
too.
Alan takes Chloe to the park and pushes her
on the swings.
He talks to Chloe, asking her if she’s done
anything special or has anything weird ever
happened when she’s angry or upset.
He then tells Chloe about her mom, who was
a very special person who had gifts.
As he tries to retell his adventure with her
mother, a police officer interrupts them.
The officer grows suspicious of Alan and asks
him to step away from the girl.
Alan tells him that she’s his granddaughter.
The officer then asks Alan to show his eyes.
Alan turns to Chloe and tells him that the
officer is one of the bad guys who killed
her mother.
Chloe becomes upset and starts screaming at
the man to go away.
Surprisingly, the officer puts down his gun,
as if in a trance, and then walks away.
As they drive home, Alan shows her a picture
of her mother and lets her borrow it.
He hands Chloe crushed sleeping pills and
tells her that the next time she hears his
truck, she should put it on her dad’s food.
When Henry wakes up, Chloe accuses him of
lying to her and not telling her that she’s
special and then yells at him to get out of
her room.
Later that night, Chloe wakes up to sounds
coming from her closet again.
She opens it and sees the apparition of the
chained woman, but this time, she recognizes
her to be the one in the picture, her mother.
The woman lashes out at her, thinking that
she’s a cruel hallucination done by her
torturers as Chloe runs off.
She goes to her father and sees him asleep
in front of the television.
She learns more about these Abnormals or as
humans called them, Freaks.
Freaks are beings who look just like humans
but have special powers causing their eyes
to bleed out when they use them.
They are being hunted down by the government
to be used as weapons.
Later that night, Chloe sees the woman for
the third time and manages to convince her
that she’s real.
Her mother recognizes her and asks her how
she got in there.
Chloe tells her that she’s in her closet.
Feeling confused, her mother realizes that
Chloe is communicating with her through her
mind and appearing in her cell as an apparition.
The next morning, Chloe tells Henry about
her mother but he doesn’t believe her.
Seeing no other way to escape, she tries to
drug her father.
Henry realizes what she’s doing and chases
her to the door.
She commands him to sleep and he slips down
to the floor as blood begins to drip from
her eyes.
She meets with Alan in his truck and he tells
her about his plan.
There’s no use for people like them to hide
anymore.
They travel to a diner and meet with one of
the government agents called Agent Ray.
Alan poses as a priest who raised Chloe, under
the alias Eleanor Reed, as his own, and asks
Agent Ray to take them to Madoc Mountain,
a place where they relocated the Freaks.
Chloe goes off script and runs to the diner’s
kitchen.
To save them, Alan blinds one of the dishwashers
and sends him outside.
The agents shoot the guy, thinking that he’s
an Abnormal.
Alan carries Chloe and they turn invisible,
barely escaping with their lives.
Back in their truck, Chloe finds out that
her mother is still alive and Alan was trying
to find a way into the mountain where her
mother is being held captive.
She demands Alan take her home so that she
can live with the Reeds and he tells her to
get out of her head.
On their way home, Henry appears in the middle
of the road.
Chloe gets out and is almost hit by a car
but Henry activates his force field just in
time to save her.
Deciding it’s time, Henry takes Chloe to
the Reeds to fulfill their deal.
Steven agrees and introduces them to Nancy
and Harper.
Nancy soon realizes that Chloe is a Freak
and backs out of the deal saying that she
didn’t know they were supposed to be taking
in an Abnormal.
Henry and Chloe return back to the house where
Alan is waiting for them, bound to a chair.
Henry is shocked to see her eyes bleeding
and realizing that she’s an Abnormal like
him too.
Afraid to trust her, Henry puts her in the
closet.
She meets her mother again but she’s taken
away by thugs.
As Henry seals her in the closet, she screams
at her father and tells him that they have
to save her mother.
She becomes too upset and almost kills him
as she puts him in a trance with a drill into
his neck.
Alan and Henry argue downstairs as Chloe peeks
into the window and sees that Nancy has already
reported them to the A.D.F.
She projects the apparition in real-time into
the room and the men are shocked at the realization
of the extent of Chloe’s powers.
They watch in awe as they watch Chloe force
the officer to stab Nancy in the eye and then
use his own gun to shoot himself.
This alerts the other officers and they shoot
Nancy, thinking that she’s an Abnormal.
Henry is horrified as he searches for Alan,
who has now taken Chloe and turned invisible.
Chloe escapes his grasp and runs to her room,
finding an apparition of her mother, Mary,
strapped into a metal bed.
Henry and Alan appear and see Mary alive.
As the doctor tries to kill her, Chloe takes
over his body and proceeds to kill himself.
She then takes control of the officer and
starts freeing her mother.
The doorbell interrupts their reunion and
Henry sees that it’s Agent Ray.
He lets her in, trying to pose as a real estate
developer as Chloe tries to help Mary escape.
Agent Ray interrogates Henry, but she sees
through his bluff and asks him to sit down.
She threatens him by bombing the house if
he doesn’t follow his instructions as Alan
sneaks behind her with a gun to her head.
Agent Ray spots this and takes the gun, accidentally
firing it at Henry.
He manages to activate his field but he is
too drained and the bullet pierces through
his stomach.
Meanwhile, as Chloe tries to help Mary get
out, an officer picks up on their plan and
Chloe starts attacking him.
This triggers the alarm and Mary runs to escape.
Back at the house, Agent Ray finds Chloe in
the bedroom and fires the gun at her.
The bullet doesn’t hit her but kills Alan
instead.
This upsets Chloe and she forces Agent Ray’s
gun to aim back at her head and then kills
herself.
Henry knows they’re running out of time,
so he pretends to hold the agent hostage and
creates a field around the house, killing
down three officers in the process.
Chloe runs to her father and passes out, exhausted
from using her powers.
Mary is now trapped before the final exit
with officers closing in on her.
She calls out to Chloe once again, waking
her up.
Chloe screams and uses her powers as much
as she can to take over the minds of every
officer at Madoc Mountain, setting the last
piece for her mother’s release.
Mary runs outside, finally free, and takes
flight, destroying every agent within her
radius.
A missile has now locked itself into the house
and Henry uses his powers one last time, trying
to slow down the missile.
He carries Chloe’s body outside as the house
is blown to bits behind him.
When Chloe wakes up, Henry bids her goodbye
and tells her how much he loves her.
She cries over his dead body as she hears
the gunshots.
The shooting stops and she is rescued by her
mother.
Chloe and Mary reunite for the first time
and Mary promises her to hide and protect
her forever.
Chloe tells her that they don’t need to
hide anymore and they can live wherever they
want.
Encouraged by her daughter’s confidence,
Mary wraps her in her arms and they take flight.